docs: minor addition to onMount usage (#445)
sveltejs/learn.svelte.dev: content/tutorial/01-svelte/07-lifecycle/01-onmount/README.md

</script>
```

> Then, pass a function to the `onMount` call that runs when the component mounts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, add a callback that runs when the component mounts:
```

> In a [later exercise](bind-this), we'll learn how to get an element reference without using `document.querySelector`.

> So far so good — you should see gently undulating colors in the shape of the Svelte logo. But there's one problem — the loop will continue even after the component has been destroyed. To fix that, we need to return a cleanup function from `onMount`:

Reviewer: not today 🇬🇧 

```suggestion
So far so good — you should see gently undulating colours in the shape of the Svelte logo. But there's one problem — the loop will continue even after the component has been destroyed. To fix that, we need to return a cleanup function from `onMount`:
```
